This is the second option you mentioned.
Well, of course not.
We are competing against who catches more
If I win, you will marry me
It was agreed in advance
I'm good at fishing
All right. Here we go.
Mr. Ruan's transaction has been advanced to 8pm tonight
See you at the pier
Why trade in advance at the end of the year?
I need 10 million to sign a contract with Add
But it would be more feudal
Compared to newcomers who get added
The danger is not worth mentioning
Add just hi-style used cars
Why look risky?
5 years
Added assets a hundredfold
There must be someone big behind this
If you can buy him
Our plan to weaken the Dragon Kingdom will go more smoothly
I see
Thank you protagonist
Miss Ye
I'll check the results for you.
So stingy, you don't want to marry me so much
I don't know what's so great about your first love
Mr. Qi
The worker suddenly took the time to walk around seafood
Advance to 8pm tonight
We may be too late.